Master, master
Is this really you?
Master Qinghe, you
What do you call this bumpkin?
Shut up Liu Xiong
Say it's your dad
Even if the king of heaven comes
You don't respect the master
I'm going to break your leg too
Listen to Master He
He just hummed.
I have what I am today
It's all thanks to the master
Hahaha
Without this pair of chicks, no no no
Phoenix Arcane Diagram
How could I be here today?
Okay.
I didn't expect you to learn anything from this
Pretty good.
Didn't I tell you?
Don't call the master
Haha, the one who lost his life is the master.
That
Mr. Liu, who is drawing well now?
Well, of course it is.
Of course, Mr. is better than one and uglier than ten.
Haha, his paintings are compared to Mr.
It's like fireflies competing with Haoyue
My admiration for my husband is like a surging river
Okay, okay, okay.
That's about it.
This Liu Shao
Isn't it time to learn how to bark?
Bunny buns, don't make me bark like a dog
I don't accept it.
Are you willing to admit defeat?
If you don't want to
I'll find someone to disturb your Liu family
You offended sir
There is no need for your Liu family to exist
Yeah, sure.
Wow wow so nice
Master, why do you call him Master?
Is this guy really awesome?
Of course!
Because Mr. is the legendary Mr. Raino